[RUM-5565] Add iframe support explanation (#24299)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/browser/troubleshooting.md

Session Replay does not support:

> - The following HTML elements: `iframe without srcDoc`, `video`, `audio`, or `canvas`

Author: It should be different FMU. For <iframe srcDoc="" />, I think we [mask the attribute completely](https://github.com/DataDog/browser-sdk/blob/0764e799be92f32d5752cfb29d4f6f5220c42f12/packages/rum/src/domain/record/serialization/serializeAttribute.ts#L73-L76) if opt-in. And if it is not masked, I think we do capture the srcDoc or part of it depends on the content, because they are attributes.

> - The following HTML elements: `iframe without srcDoc`, `video`, `audio`, or `canvas`

Reviewer: Ah right, we record the initial document but not the interaction/mutations within the document.

The same thing kind of applies with `src=xxx`. We record `src` attribute changes, so in the replay we will display the embedded website (like an image, we'll load the original URL). But we don't record iteraction/mutations inside of it.

>   - To render iFrames in Session Replay, it's necessary to separately instrument the iFrame code. For iFrames that span across domains, enable `usePartitionedCrossSiteSessionCookie: true` to ensure they are associated with the correct session. After correct instrumentation, iFrames and their parent windows appear as distinct entities within the same session, embedding iFrame replays directly into their parent windows is not supported.

Reviewer 2: +1

Session Replay does not support:

- The following HTML elements: `iframe`, `video`, `audio`, or `canvas`

>   - To render iFrames in Session Replay, you can separately instrument the iFrame code. For iFrames that span across sub-domains, use `trackSessionAcrossSubdomains: true`. After correct instrumentation, iFrames and their parent windows appear as separate pages within the same session, embedding iFrame replays directly into their parent windows is not supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - To render iFrames in Session Replay, you can separately instrument the iFrame code. For iFrames that span across subdomains, use `trackSessionAcrossSubdomains: true`. After correct instrumentation, iFrames and their parent windows appear as separate pages within the same session. Embedding iFrame replays directly into their parent windows is not supported.
```

>   - To render iFrames in Session Replay, you can separately instrument the iFrame code. For iFrames that span across sub-domains, use `trackSessionAcrossSubdomains: true`. After correct instrumentation, iFrames and their parent windows appear as distinct entities within the same session, embedding iFrame replays directly into their parent windows is not supported.

Reviewer 2: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**💬 suggestion:** ‏ ‏It is unclear what we mean by  "distinct entities". We could be more specific.
